Un-Break My Build: Assisting Developers with Build Repair Hints
Continuous integration (CI) is an agile software development prac- tice that advocates frequently integrating code changes introduced by different developers into a shared repository branch \cite{humble2010continuous}. An automated system builds every commit, runs all tests, and verifies the quality of the software, e.g., through automated static analysis tools \cite{duvall2007continuous}. This helps to detect issues earlier and locate them more easily \cite{kerzazi2014automated}. CI is widely adopted in industry and open source envi- ronments \cite{vos2014fittest} and has already proven its positive effects on release frequency, software reliability, and overall team productivity \cite{hilton2016usage}.
Hilton et al. \cite{hilton2017trade-offs} found that build breaks are a major barrier that hinders CI adoption and various reasons exist for a build to break \cite{vassallo2017a-tale},e.g., compilation, testing, code quality, or dependency resolution. Developers need to learn how to efficiently identify the reasons for a build break and, unfortunately, the required skill set is still different to traditional debugging. Established techniques that are widely used in the development environment [G. J. Myers. The art of software testing (2. ed.). Wiley, 2004.], like setting breakpoints to investigate a program right before a crash, are not applicable, which makes it difficult and time consuming to remove a build break \cite{hilton2017trade-offs}. As a result, developers spend a significant amount of their working time comprehending and solving build breaks. It takes on average one hour tofi x build breaks \cite{kerzazi2014automated}.


A Tale of CI Build Failures: an Open Source and a Financial Organization Perspective
Continuous Delivery (CD) is a software engineering practice in which development teams build and deliver new (incre- mental) versions of a software system in a very short period of time, e.g., a week, a few days, and in extreme cases a few hours \cite{humble2010continuous}. CD advocates claim that the practice reduces the release cycle time (i.e., time required for conceiving a change, implementing it, and getting feedback) and improves overall developer and customer satisfaction \cite{chen2015continuous}. An essential part of a CD process is Continuous Integration (CI), where an automated build process is enacted on dedicated server machines, leading to multiple integrations and releases per day \cite{fowler2006continuous}\cite{duvall2007continuous}\cite{beller2017oops}\cite{staahl2014modeling}. One major purpose of CI is to help develop- ers detect integration errors as early as possible. This can be achieved by running testing and analysis tools, reducing the cost and risk of delivering defective changes \cite{duvall2007continuous}. Other collateral positive effects introduced by CI in industrial envi- ronments are the improvement in developer communication \cite{downs2012ambient} and the increase of their productivity \cite{miller2008hundred}. Consequently, CI has become increasingly popular in software development of both, industrial and OSS projects \cite{staahl2014modeling}, \cite{hilton2016usage}.
At the same time, the study of CI builds has also become a frequent research topic in academic literature. Miller \cite{miller2008hundred} studied a Web Service project in Microsoft and, by observ- ing 69 failed builds, mainly found failures related to code
analysis tools (about 40 percent), but also to unit tests, server, and compilation errors. The latter have been investigated in depth by Seo et al. \cite{seo2014programmers} in a study at Google. Recently, Rausch et al. \cite{rausch2017empirical} studied the Travis CI builds of selected OSS projects, and identified correlations between project and process metrics and broken builds. Other works focused on test failures \cite{beller2017oops} and on the use of static analysis tools [“How open source projects use static code analysis tools in contin- uous integration pipelines,]. However, no previous research provides a broad categorization of build failures and compared their occurrences between industry and OSS.


Continuous Refactoring in CI: A Preliminary Study on the Perceived Advantages and Barriers
Continuous Integration (CI) is a development practice aim- ing at continuously building new software \cite{duvall2010continuous}. When de- velopers push changes to a shared repository, CI requires to compile, test, and quality assure the modified software product so that developers can immediately know how their changes fit with the software being developed. One of the most promising features of CI concerns the possibility to make the identification of bugs as well as the improvement of source code quality easier \cite{duvall2007continuous}. Specifically, developers and stakeholders have the possibility to define the so-called quality gates \cite{schermann2016towards}, namely a set of constraints on the quality of the built software that are expressed through thresholds on certain metrics (e.g., the number of code smells [M. Fowler and K. Beck. Refactoring: improving the design of existing code.] at each build should be lower than a predefined threshold).
Such quality gates are de-facto the way to control for maintainability degradation [D. L. Parnas. Software aging.]: if a newly committed change fails a quality gate, the developer needs to take action to let the build pass again. 


Why do Automated Builds Break? An Empirical Study
Nowadays, many software organizations are adopting Continuous Integration (CI) practices aiming to integrate the source code faster \cite{humble2010continuous}. A typical CI system continuously monitors the version control system for new commits, after which the resulting configuration of the system is checked out, compiled, tested and analyzed for common code quality measures. As such, CI practices depend on build automation \cite{adams2007design} for compiling, bundling, linking required dependencies, packaging into an executable form, and running automated tests. Automated builds provide early feedback on the integration process \cite{humble2010continuous}\cite{adams2007design} and are the cornerstone used by (1) testers to cross all quality gates and (2) the release team to fully automate the software release process, with the aim of speeding up the release cycle in a safe way.
The essential goal of CI is to reduce the number of broken builds ("build breakage"). For example, over the past 2 years, we have observed a high rate of broken builds in a typical large, commercial web-based system. This is a problem, since broken builds mean no (testable) product and hence delay the project while the problem is being analyzed and resolved \cite{brun2013early}. Tests are frozen and lucky are the developers who did not pull the latest code, otherwise they would be blocked as well and unable to continue working on the project. In this organization, the release engineers would spend at least 1 hour per day to fix broken builds, which could take anywhere between minutes and multiple days. Project timelines slipped for 1 hour per day because of team members’ disruptions, and the organization losing a lot of man-hours. The developer who broke the build looks bad and the team spirit drops. On top of that, distributed teams (who use CI more intensively) suffer even more from a build breakage than collocated teams because of the additional overhead of communication \cite{cataldo2011factors}.
Despite the growing interest for continuous integration practices \cite{holck2003continuous}, software integration \cite{cataldo2011factors} and build systems \cite{phillips2014understanding}, build breakage is a relatively unexplored area. As such, there are no general guidelines on how to handle breakage, let alone heuristics or indicators to handle them. Hassan et al. \cite{hassan2006using} built a prediction model to predict build breakage, yet this ignored factors related to multiple concurrent branches and merge errors. Furthermore, no qualitative analysis or interviews were performed, nor was the impact of a broken build quantified.

Usage, Costs, and Benefits of Continuous Integration in Open-Source Projects
Continuous Integration (CI) is emerging as one of the biggest success stories in automated software engineering. CI systems automate the compilation, building, testing and deployment of software. For example, such automation has been reported [J. Allspaw and P. Hammond. 10+ deploys per day:
Dev and ops cooperation at Flickr. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdOe18KhtT4. Accessed: 2016-04-21.
] to help Flickr deploy to production more than 10 times per day. Others [J. Humble. Evidence and case studies. http://continuousdelivery.com/evidence-case-studies/. Accessed: 2016-04-29.
] claim that by adopting CI and a more agile planning process, a product group at HP reduced development costs by 78%.
These success stories have led to CI growing in interest and popularity. Travis CI [17], a popular CI service, reports that over 300,000 projects are using Travis. The State of Agile industry survey [V. One. 10th annual state of Agile development survey. https://versionone.com/pdf/VersionOne-10th-Annual- State-of-Agile-Report.pdf, 2016.], with 3,880 participants, found 50\% of respondents use CI. The State of DevOps report [Puppet and DevOps Research and Assessments (DORA). 2016 state of DevOps Report. https://puppet.com/system/files/2016-06/2016%20State%20of%20DevOps%20Report 0.pdf, 2016.]
finds CI to be one of the indicators of ”high performing IT organizations”. Google Trends [Google Search Trends.
https://www.google.com/trends/. Accessed:
2016-04-24.
] shows a steady increase of interest in CI: searches for “Continuous Integration” increased 350% in the last decade.
Despite the growth of CI, the only published research paper related to CI usage \cite{vasilescu2015quality} is a preliminary study, conducted on 246 projects, which compares several quality metrics of projects that use or do not use CI. However, the study does not present any detailed information on how projects use CI. In fact, despite some folkloric evidence about the use of CI, there is no systematic study about CI systems.
